Phung Thien logistics emperor showing Miao Shi women's palace
The goodness is deep in my heart.
To be a concubine
Bonus thousands of gold
Give long-term love
It's a couple.
The slaves take orders.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Princess
I will personally take you to the Long Spring Palace.
Four Hy Seedlings
Do you dare to calculate?
Riding on top of the palace
The palace can't stand a day.
You two are the women sent by the Ministry of Internal Affairs to serve the palace.
Xuân Kiều slaves worship the owner
I want you to come and wash up.
Stand up.
You always work hard.
I will serve the owner.
Tonight is the first time our host has served.
There can't be any mistakes.
Xuan Kieu has a heart.
Serving the master well is the servant's job.
Your Majesty is waiting for you at the palace.
Don't worry.
We'll take you to the Qanqing Palace safely.
Wait, sir.
I'll come with you.
Master, what are you going to do?
Go.
This is not the way to the Qianqing Palace.
Where are you taking me?
Take you to death.